Exercises

1. What is the main difference between a stack and a queue?
A stack arranges elements in LIFO priority and a queue arranges elements in FIFO
priority.

2. What are the similarities between stacks and queues?
Both stacks and queues are data structures that developers use to rank tasks,
create an order of operations, and support system functions. They both organize
elements using a specific ordering method (LIFO and FIFO).

3. Imagine you are an engineer tasked with implementing the UNDO and REDO options
in a word processor such as Microsoft Word. Which data structure would you use
for each option and why?
For the UNDO option I would use a stack to make use of the LIFO arrangement.
When you undo something you want the most recent action to be undone. The most
recent action would be the 'last-in' element and using LIFO arrangement would let
you access that and make it the 'first-out'.
For the REDO option I would also use a stack. You want the most recent action to
be redone with the REDO option and the most recent action would be the 'last-in'
element.

Programming Questions
1. Given a string, reverse it using a stack. For example, the string "Bloc!"
should be converted to "!colB".

Pseudocode:
FUNCTION reverse(word)
  INIT a new stack
  FOR each character in word
    CALL stack.push WITH character
  END FOR
  INIT reversed to empty string
  WHILE stack is not empty
    CALL stack.pop RETURNING character
    APPEND character to reversed
  END WHILE
  RETURN reversed
END FUNCTION

Code:
function reverse(word) {
  let stack = word.split('');
  let reversed = [];
  while (stack.length != 0) {
    reversed.push(stack.pop());
  }
  return reversed.join('');
}

2. Implement the pop method of a stack using one queue. Make a FIFO data structure
mirror the functionality of a LIFO data structure. Since the internal list is not
the same as defined in the checkpoint, it may help to rewrite the pseudocode first.

Pseudocode:
FUNCTION removeLast(list)
  INIT a new queue
  

END FUNCTION

Code:
